## Remix USDA Generator
*Written with the assistance of Bing and ChatGPT*

This is a script to generate `.usda` files from your gameReadyAssets folder. It detects any of these map types in your folder:
- emissive
- normal
- metallic
- rough
  
How to use this script:
`python MagicUSDA.py -d path\to\gameReadyAssets`

There are some additional functions:
* `-o` - This allows you to change the output usda file names
* `-m` - This setting will split your output USDA files into separate entries, such as `mod_emissive.usda` and `mod_metallic.usda`. This command works in conjunction with `-o` if desired, changing the "mod" in `mod_emissive.usda`
* `-a` - This argument adds sublayers made with the `-m` argument to the `mod.usda` file. This argument only modifies the `mod.usda` file and does not affect any custom `.usda` file specified by the `-o` argument. It works in conjunction with the `-m` and `-o` arguments to add sublayers to the `mod.usda` file for each map type (emissive, normal, etc.).
* `-e` (exclude-non-hashes) - This argument excludes any files without a hash from being included in the output .usda file. For example: `test.dds`
* `-s` (skip-hash-generation) - Instead of calculating hash values (such as `5A495C9D9F21C12F`), the script will use the original file names in the `mat_[hash]` portion of the output .usda file. If used without `-e`, any files like `test.dds` will show up improperly in your output .usda file. The main purpose for this is if you've changed your files from the original diffuse textures to a new set. This will allow you to retain the original hash names.
* `-r` (or --reference-directory) - This optional argument can be used to specify a separate folder to use as a reference for generating diffuse texture hashes. The script will search for files in the reference directory based on file names from the base (`-d`) directory. It will then use those files to generate the hashes. If this argument is not provided, the script will use the main `-d` directory to generate hashes for diffuse textures. This can be used with folders like a captures folder, or a game texture rip.

The `.usda` files generated by this script serve to replace textures in your Remix games, allowing you to swap out textures and utilize additional map types to enhance the game's visuals.

This script is intended to be used with original diffuse textures, which are required for it to function correctly. It generates a `mod.usda` file for use in your game through Remix. It was designed with [chaiNNer](https://chainner.app/) in mind, however you can use this with any textures you've created. Be aware that this script will overwrite any pre-existing `mod.usda` files in your directory!
